>> Kyle Simpson: Well, it's been kind
of a whirlwind of a course, I'm sure.
And especially if you're kind of new to
this JavaScript programming language, or
even new to programming,
your brain is probably awash
with a lot of different details.
I just wanna remind you that you
don't have to have all this stuff
perfect right now.
That's completely,
completely unreasonable for
anybody to have picked up all that stuff
in just a few couple of hours together.
So I just wanna encourage you that this
is a long journey that you're beginning.
These are some of the first steps in
a journey to really get your brain wrapped
around a much more sophisticated and
complex ecosystem which is JavaScript.
And there are lots of materials, there are
many, many videos that can help you along
that way here on
the Front End Masters platform.
There are books like the ones that
I've referenced here in this course.
And the exercises, make sure you go back
and practice those several times and
try to extend them and add to them and
do more things with them.
But really, the biggest take away
that I can leave you with is
there is no substitute for just getting
in and writing the Java Script.
That's all of us of have learned it.
If you're wondering how did I figured
out all these stuffs of our Java Script,
the only answer is that I just
wrote a lot of JavaScript.
So I hope we've armed you with
the tools to do that, and
I'm excited to see what you're gonna
do in your journey learning JavaScript.
Thanks very much for being with us.